To update mixeddrinks:

Click mixeddrinks in phpMyAdmin and select Structure from the toolbar.
Click Change by MixedDrink_Description and change it to MixedDrink_Instructions.
Click Browse on the toolbar and double click the text in each row under instructions to enter the new data (don't include the drink name):

Old-Fashioned:
Place the sugar cube (or 1/2 teaspoon loose sugar) in an Old-Fashioned glass
Wet it down with 2 or 3 dashes of Angostura bitters and a short splash of water or club soda
Crush the sugar with a wooden muddler, chopstick, strong spoon, lipstick, cartridge case, whatever
Rotate the glass so that the sugar grains and bitters give it a lining
Add a large ice cube
Pour in the rye (or bourbon)
Serve with a stirring rod

Martinez:
Add all ingredients to a shaker and fill with ice.
Shake, and strain into a chilled coupe glass.

Martini:
Combine vodka and dry vermouth in a cocktail mixing glass. Fill with ice and stir until chilled. Strain into a chilled martini glass.
Garnish with three olives on a toothpick.

Manhattan:
Stir the rye, vermouth and bitters well with cracked ice. 
Strain into in a chilled cocktail glass and garnish with twist or, of course, maraschino cherry.

Daiquiri:
Add all the ingredients to a shaker and fill with ice.
Shake, and strain into a chilled Martini glass.
Garnish with a lime wheel.

Margarita:
If desired, salt the rim of a chilled margarita glass.
Pour the ingredients into a cocktail shaker with ice cubes.
Shake well.
Strain into the prepared glass with or without fresh ice.
Garnish with the lime wedge.

Bloody Mary:
Pour some celery salt onto a small plate.
Rub the juicy side of the lemon or lime wedge along the lip of a pint glass.
Roll the outer edge of the glass in celery salt until fully coated.
Fill with ice and set aside.
Squeeze the lemon and lime wedges into a shaker and drop them in.
Add the remaining ingredients and fill with ice.
Shake gently and strain into the prepared glass.
Garnish with a celery stalk and a lime wedge.

Irish Coffee:
Add the whiskey and syrup to an Irish Coffee glass and fill two-thirds of the way with coffee.
Top with one inch of whipped cream.

Mint Julep:
In a Julep cup or rocks glass, lightly muddle the mint and syrup.
Add the bourbon and pack tightly with crushed ice.
Stir until the cup is frosted on the outside.
Top with more crushed ice to form an ice dome and garnish with a few drops of bitters, if desired, and a mint sprig.

Cosmopolitan:
Add all the ingredients to a shaker and fill with ice.
Shake, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Garnish with a lime wedge.